README.md, before:

# tauri-plugin-matrix-svelte

A Tauri plugin that provides Matrix communication features through Svelte Rune stores.

This plugin is an adapter for the [matrix-ui-serializable](https://github.com/IT-ess/matrix-ui-serializable) library, that provides high abstractions of the client state. Most of the state data is sent to frontend through Svelte Rune Stores directly, thanks to tauri-plugin-svelte, allowing instant reactivity.

## Current supported features

Check [here](https://github.com/IT-ess/matrix-ui-serializable?tab=readme-ov-file#Features).

## Installation

An example client is provided in this same repo to showcase the possibilities : [matrix-svelte-client](github.com/IT-ess/tauri-plugin-matrix-svelte/tree/main/example/matrix-svelte-client).

### Example client screenshots
<div style="display: flex; justify-content: space-between; gap: 15px; margin: 0 -5px; max-width: 100%;">
  <img src="assets/room_list.png" alt="Room List" style="width: 32%; height: auto; max-width: 100%; margin: 0 5px;">
  <img src="assets/room.png" alt="Room" style="width: 32%; height: auto; max-width: 100%; margin: 0 5px;">
  <img src="assets/device_list.png" alt="Device list" style="width: 32%; height: auto; max-width: 100%; margin: 0 5px;">
</div>

## Building

### Building the javascript bindings

- `pnpm install`
- `pnpm build`

### Building the Rust lib

- `cargo build`

## Main Dependencies

- [tauri 2.0](https://tauri.app/) : allowing one codebase for 5 platforms
- [matrix-ui-serializable](https://github.com/IT-ess/matrix-ui-serializable) : high level abstraction of a Matrix client in Rust
- [tauri-plugin-keyring](https://github.com/charlesportwoodii/tauri-plugin-keyring): to store securely the matrix database passphrase into the native OS keyring store
- [tauri-plugin-svelte](https://github.com/ferreira-tb/tauri-store/tree/main/packages/plugin-svelte): to communicate easily with Svelte frontend in a reactive way

## Special thanks to :

- To [Andrew Ferreira](https://github.com/ferreira-tb) for its handy tauri-plugin-svelte plugin.
- To [inKibra](https://github.com/inKibra/tauri-plugins/tree/main/packages/tauri-plugin-notifications) and [flapili](https://github.com/flapili/tauri-plugin-fcm) for their examples on how so setup push notifications with Tauri.
- To the whole Tauri team for their awesome platform to build on.
- And of course to the whole Matrix team and ecosystem !

Commit message:

feat: adapt to oauth login flux

README.md, after:

# tauri-plugin-matrix-svelte

A Tauri plugin that provides Matrix communication features through Svelte Rune stores.

This plugin is an adapter for the [matrix-ui-serializable](https://github.com/IT-ess/matrix-ui-serializable) library, that provides high abstractions of the client state. Most of the state data is sent to frontend through Svelte Rune Stores directly, thanks to tauri-plugin-svelte, allowing instant reactivity.

## Current supported features

Check [here](https://github.com/IT-ess/matrix-ui-serializable?tab=readme-ov-file#Features).

## Installation

An example client is provided in this same repo to showcase the possibilities (under `/example/matrix-svelte-client`).

### Example client screenshots
<div style="display: flex; justify-content: space-between; gap: 15px; margin: 0 -5px; max-width: 100%;">
  <img src="assets/room_list.png" alt="Room List" style="width: 32%; height: auto; max-width: 100%; margin: 0 5px;">
  <img src="assets/room.png" alt="Room" style="width: 32%; height: auto; max-width: 100%; margin: 0 5px;">
  <img src="assets/device_list.png" alt="Device list" style="width: 32%; height: auto; max-width: 100%; margin: 0 5px;">
</div>

## Requirements

- If you need to use OAuth authentication (that is the case for matrix.org), you'll need a callback URL that passes the OAuth state to your client.
- A [Sygnal push notification gateway](https://github.com/matrix-org/sygnal) if you want to configure push notifications on mobile

## Plugin configuration
- `android_sygnal_gateway_url`: Push gateway url for android
-	`ios_sygnal_gateway_url`: Push gateway url for iOS
-	`oauth_client_uri`: Client URI for OAuth 
-	`oauth_redirect_uri`: Redirect URI once the OAuth process is validated (must be the same host as redirect)

## Building

### Building the javascript bindings

- `pnpm install`
- `pnpm build`

### Building the Rust lib

- `cargo build`

## Main Dependencies

- [tauri 2.0](https://tauri.app/) : allowing one codebase for 5 platforms
- [matrix-ui-serializable](https://github.com/IT-ess/matrix-ui-serializable) : high level abstraction of a Matrix client in Rust
- [tauri-plugin-svelte](https://github.com/ferreira-tb/tauri-store/tree/main/packages/plugin-svelte): to communicate easily with Svelte frontend in a reactive way

## Special thanks to :

- To [Andrew Ferreira](https://github.com/ferreira-tb) for its handy tauri-plugin-svelte plugin.
- To the whole Tauri team for their awesome platform to build on.
- And of course to the whole Matrix team and ecosystem !
